---
title: 'Immortals Charge to a 40-0 win'
date: 2019-02-17
---
With the end of the season insight, we are in the middle of a two part
relegation battle, the first instalment of which was our match against the
Canterbury Christ Church Chargers on Sunday. The revenge match will also be our
last one this season and will take place at the Chargers' home grounds.

Both the Chargers and us came into this this final two game stretch having lost
our previous games this season, as such the loser of this series will get
relegated two the pit of Division 2 Britball. As such both teams were eager to
get on with it, and the energy was the highest it has been all season.

Canterbury started the game with a kickoff we received. The offence did not
start off well on the first drive as we seemed destined for a three-and-out.
However, one of the Canterbury players failed to cleanly field the ensuing punt
and we were able to capitalize on this mistake and recover the ball, which kept
the opening drive alive. We marched on with powerful running by Jonas
"Dreadnought" Eschenfelder all the way too their 10 yard line. Unfortunately,
they managed to intercept our pass at their own two yard line, leaving the
Chargers with difficult field-position. Our vaunted defence came out of the gate
hot almost getting a safety and forcing Canterbury to punt from inside their own
yard line. The lack of space and the heavy pressure resulted in a blocked punt
we recovered at their 15 yard line. From there a couple of passes and a QB sneak
play resulted in us opening the score 8-0. We never slowed down from that point
until the half, only allowing a single first down from the Chargers and scoring
three more touchdowns thanks, to great passing by Ben "Big Red" O'Brien that
made up for his earlier interception an excellent receiving. This led to the
score being 26-0 at the half.

Canterbury were somewhat able to neutralize the offence, but they could not find
an answer to get past our defensive front eight, especially our nose tackle
Michael "Drama Sec" Anyanechi. We kept stifling their QB by penetrating their
offensive line that looked more like a sieve than a wall by the second half,
which all culminated by Dom "RoadRage Gang" DeSilva recovering a fumble in the
end zone for a touch down. Also, special shoutout to Nick "Daddy" Hoare for
handling his first game at center with plenty of poise.

{{< figure src="/img/canterbury-home-2019-team.jpg" title="Tired but happy" >}}

In the end the scoreline was 40-0 in our favour, but this is only half the
battle. Part 2 coming next week.
#BecomeImmortal

