---
title: 'Canterbury Christ Church Chargers Away'
date: 2018-02-25
---

With the rush to complete all the necessary BUCS fixture, the Britball nation
saw a shortage of referees to officiate all outstanding fixtures. Canterbury was
not able to book referees for the match, resulting in a late kickoff at the Kent
Falcons’ facility, double booking Kent’s referees. The late kickoff afforded us
the opportunity to have a pleasant lie-in, which was most welcome.

Unfortunately, the size of our squad and sideline led to the tiny bus booked by
“Kneeless” Gatis  to be overfilled, which lead to incredibly slow velocity along
the hilly Kentish roads. Undeterred by the slow ride, the Immortals enjoyed some
of the Cambridge vs. Kent action from the comforts of Kent’s Pavillon Café Bar
terrace.

Eager to end the season on a high-note and to ruin the Chargers’ playoff
ambitions, our stout defence took the field against a nervous Canterbury offence
booed all the way by the Kent Falcons, who stayed behind to support us. The
nerves showed, and the Chargers could not muster a single strong drive all game
and were quickly forced to punt all the way to the Immortals two yard line.
Despite the horrible field position, we managed to pound the ball up the middle
with numerous QB sneaks and Inside Dives, quintessential plays of any Immortal
playbook, all the way up to the 30 yard-line until being forced to punt.
Symptomatic of the special teams woes that would plague Canterbury all game, the
punt returner fumbled the ball at their own 45 leading to a spectacular fumble
recovery by Tom “Brick Hands” Smith at the turn of the first quarter!
Immediately, we capitalised on this huge opportunity, as Ben “Deep incompletions
are really punts” O’Brien shocked himself with his first career TD pass caught
by a soaring Kohdai “The Eagle” Komoriya (this was Kohdai’s first TD reception
as well). The rest of the half was quite uneventful due to the Immortals being
victim to a few dodgy false start calls.

{{< figure src="/img/collision-chargers-away-2018.jpg" title="Collision!" >}}

With their playoff hopes dwindling, the Chargers were eager to get on the
scoreline and lost all sense of fair-play. They notably dealt a few dangerous
late hits that could have resulted in serious injuries. However, no amount of
trash-talk and foul play could cover up their ineptitude as they were
man-handled at the line of scrimmage by the defensive line led by rookies
Michael “Sideline Chirpse” Anyanechi and Deji “Can you Catch?” Adeboye, and
shutout in coverage by Lukas “Hudl Highlights” Hann, Nikolai “Gliding (not M)VP”
Smirnov and Tom “Dropped2Picks” Smith.  Despite getting close to the Charger’s
end zone a couple of times, we were unable to rally another score and ended up
with a well-deserved 6-0 victory, to end our season 3-5.

Shoutout to our players graduating this year: Harry Lawrence, Lukas Hann, John
Lister,  Dominic DeSilva, Deji Adeboye, and Daniel Grumberg.  Despite the season
being over, the Immortals will be continuing to enjoy S&C and flag football,
which is a non-contact variation of the sport. If you are interested in joining
the club, this is a great opportunity to learn the sport and to get in shape

