---
title: 'Immortals Stumble at Home against Kent Falcons'
date: 2018-12-09
---

With a lot of new recruits and some veterans returning for a final season, the
team looked entirely different for our rematch against the Falcons. We were
hoping for a much more contested game this time around at our home grounds.

This time around we did not suffer from missing minibuses or anything like that
and arrived to Harlington with plenty of time for getting changed, installing
last-minute game plan adjustments and warming up.

{{< figure height="640" width="480" src="/img/pregame-snap-kent-home-2019.jpg" title="The Immortal game face a micture of fear and confusion" >}}

After the usual roster checks and coin-toss formalities we took the field hot
during an evenly contested first half. Unfortunately, a couple of defensive
lapses and a failure to score in the red-zone twice, once at the one yard line,
the other with a fumble on a break-out pass, put us behind early at the half.

We were looking to get back into the game quickly, thanks to Sebastiano
"Super-Glue" Zane for receiving a 60 yard TD pass on his first ever game. We
then proceeded to pound the two point conversion in with our favourite play, the
Red Raider! Unfortunately we struggle to keep the momentum up, as the Falcons
cranked up the tempo of their offence leaving our two-way players (almost all
our squad) gasping for air with out the ability to get a second of rest between
plays. Nevertheless, congratulations to our MVPs. The first Sebastiano was
already mentionned previously. Tom "Hello Cheer" Smith displayed his usual
passion and love for hard tackles., Killian "Spacehead" Gmyrek for his much
anticipated return at receiver, and Francisco "Sick Pump" Costa for not getting
injured so far.

With the second half of the season approaching quickly, we are looking at
improving even more and changing the look of the division by re-establishing
ourselves as one of the top Britball teams. If you want to join a young
energetic American Football team get in touch on Facebook. #BecomeImmortal
