---
title: 'Kent Falcons Away'
date: 2018-11-04
---

The first game of the season, is always a special moment for rookies and
veterans a like. For the former, it is a chance to see what the sport is truly
about, whereas the latter have been waiting for it all off-season. This was
truly baptism by fire for the rookies as this is the toughest fixture on our
schedule, as well as being the second furthest one from London.

After a coach ride booked by Jacob "Park" Lamb and filled with last minute
playbook revision. We pulled up at the Kent University's outdoor sports
facility eager to get changed and to get on the pitch. After some motivational
speeches for coach Ben Heath and Aaron "No Knee" Wilson, we left the changing
rooms, and started to warm-up and walk-through some of our plays to jog our
memory.

Unfortunately, the lack of preparation time since the start of the season
showed. Indeed, Kent's term starts earlier and as a result they have gotten a
whole two weeks of additional practice. Furthermore, our rookie heavy-squad,
especially on offence and special teams, had a few gaps due to lack of
experience. These factors combined led to a heavy defeat, despite some veteran
players like Jacob "Shoulder Socket Dive" Lamb playing admirably at half-back,
Tom "Head Down" Smith making a lot of big hits from his outside line-backer
spot. Also shout out to Dom "Steam Boat" DeSilva making huge hits on O-Line and
at line-backer, as well as to Daniel "PhD (Pretty Heavy DLineman)" making plays
in the trenches.

Despite the result, the team enjoyed a eventful coach ride back, as well as a
few cold beverages and some NFL action in the evening.

The season has just gotten underway, and we still have plenty of roster spots to
fill. If you fancy trying American Football at University, this is the perfect
opportunity to do so without having to buy all your equipment. We are especially
on the look out for larger individuals to fill some holes on our offensive and
defensive lines. For details contact us on Facebook. #BecomeImmortal

