---
title: 'UEA Pirates Away'
date: 2018-11-11
---

After last week's bruising defeat, we were eager to get back on the field in
order to provide our rookies some much-needed experience. The veterans always
look forward to play at Harlington Sports Ground which we lovingly nicknamed
"The Fortress" after our undefeated run at home two years ago. Again, we were
facing an old foe in the UEA Pirates for the 5th time in the last two years, the
series having been split so far.

Being the professional team the Immortals are, the team assembled in shirt and
tie to embark on a Union minibus to Harlington. Unfortunately, due a Union
mix-up, warm-ups started early with players running around South Kensington
looking for our minibus, which was not there. Eventually, the players managed to
complete the Harlington pilgrimage in a convoy of Ubers.

{{< figure src="/img/uea-home-2019-cheer.jpg" title="Happy Supporters" >}}

After everyone got changed and warmed-up, both teams took the sideline to
observe a minute of silence for Remembrance Day before taking the field to
battle it out with the Pirates. Our tiny 16 man squad on the day had to make due
with plenty of players filling in at unknown positions for the first time of
their competitive careers. Sadly, American Football requires very specific
knowledge and technique for each position, which meant we were caught off our
guard quite a few times, and as a result lost the game. However, we saw a lot of
improvements in our special teams and defence, whilst our offence also took some
baby steps forwards. As always, some of our more experienced players made some
big plays notably our MVPs: Thomas "I'll play line only once" Smith, Fransisco
"5ft4in" Costa, Michael "Onion and Cheese" Anyanechi, and Daniel "Shotgun"
Grumberg. A special mention to Dom "Only Games" DeSilva and Jacob "Transport For
London" Lamb.

{{< figure src="/img/uea-home-2019-kneel.jpg" title="Debriefing" >}}

The season is still young and we a renewed focus on getting the basics right the
Immortals are looking for new players to join the squad. We will be at JCR this
upcoming Wednesday at lunchtime, if you are keen to join and want more info.
#BecomeImmortal

